I don't want this to sound bad because I
don't feel any bad feelings towards you
but honestly you guys are the worst
audience ever
polarizing art metal weirdos horse the
band grow tired of life in the American
underground music scene and decide to
book and fund 45 countries in 90 days
round the world tour all by themselves
it is the most ambitious non-stop tour
ever attempted
[Music]
nothing matters at all what uh-oh here
comes a 12 year olds dude I told you
they'd be back sleep deprivation and
non-stop travel take their toll
snowballing into an absurd and
meaningless seven and a half hour climax
binge drinking fear thoughtful
reflection hatred literary criticism
severe depression and infantile behavior
[Music]
the fuck have you accomplished in your
life meaning of life my friend
[Music]
give me the pill I want to be happy I
never ever do shit for a joke humor
funny laughing their way through CIA
inadvisable communist Muslim
anti-american terrorist Laden countries
and/or dictatorships including but not
limited to China Egypt Israel Turkey and
Belarus as well as the rogue nation of
Transnistria experiences boiled down to
one of two possibilities the highest of
highs are the lowest of lows
[Music]
there's no point to repeating the same
moment good life you might as well be
dead
[Music]
people playing music and selling
t-shirts and changing locations a
modern-day heart of darkness taking a
decidedly frank and honest' look at the
classic misgivings of a terrible life
what the fuck are we doing and what
happened to me
[Music]
by people wanna hear it
even noticed at all
Gary LaChance directs and produces a
visionary and moving 10.5 hour-long Rock
Odyssey in cinema Frank
you